README.md, before:

# Android_Traveler
> This app is my project taken in Mobile Development in the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.</br>
> Outline : This is a travel app which is going to record your journey where you went.
> I am also going to take some note here for my learning path.</br>
> [ListView with Adapter](https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Using-an-ArrayAdapter-with-ListView) is the reference what I looked before if you want to know you also can learn from it.</br>
> [Android Building Layout with adpter](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/declaring-layout.html#AdapterViews)

- Four Basic Component in Android
  - [x] Activity
  - [ ] Service
  - [ ] Broadcast
  - [x] Content Provider
  
The tick means what I use in the app, and the topic is discussed in this project.

- Building Layouts with an Adapter
  - We can use this adpter to provide view to Adapter views.
  - It can be used with list-based user interface widgets such as **ListView and Spinner**
  - If you want to customize th view what you want, you can override the method *getView*
    - getView(int, View , ViewGroup) and inflate the view resoure in the function
  - Adapter behave as a middleman between the data source and the AdapterView
  - Android provides serveral subclasses of adpater that are useful for retrieving different kinds of data and building view for an AdapterView 
    1. ArrayAdapter
    2. SimpleCursor Adapter
   
- How to build a simple listview ?
  1. Create a listview
  2. Set up the arraylist Content
  3. Set up the arrayAdapter(Context,ListViewItem,ListViewItemData,arrayData)
  4. listView set adapter

- How t build a custom listView ?
  1. Create a listview
  2. Add a new view in new layout
  3. Set up the object which is going to put into arrayList
  4. Set up the list content in arrayList
  5. Create a custom adapter (you need to inflate the data when you call *getView* method and setup the content).
  6. If you want you also can add onItemClickListener
 ```Java
     @Override
    public View getView(int position, @Nullable View convertView, @NonNull ViewGroup parent) {


        if (convertView == null){
            convertView = LayoutInflater.from(getContext()).inflate(R.layout.place_layout,parent,false);
            //inflate the layout
        }
        ImageView imageView = (ImageView)convertView.findViewById(R.id.locationImage);
        TextView textView = (TextView)convertView.findViewById(R.id.location);
        Location location = getItem(position);
        textView.setText(location.getLocation());
        imageView.setImageResource(location.getImageID());
        return convertView;
    }
 ```

Commit message:

Adding Intent part in Readme.md

README.md, after:

# Android_Traveler
> This app is my project taken in Mobile Development in the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.</br>
> Outline : This is a travel app which is going to record your journey where you went.
> I am also going to take some note here for my learning path.</br>
> [ListView with Adapter](https://github.com/codepath/android_guides/wiki/Using-an-ArrayAdapter-with-ListView) is the reference what I looked before if you want to know you also can learn from it.</br>
> [Android Building Layout with adpter](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/declaring-layout.html#AdapterViews)

## Four Basic Component in Android
  - [x] Activity
  - [ ] Service
  - [ ] Broadcast
  - [x] Content Provider
  
**The tick means what I use in the app, and the topic is discussed in this project.**

### Building Layouts with an Adapter
  - We can use this adpter to provide view to Adapter views.
  - It can be used with list-based user interface widgets such as **ListView and Spinner**
  - If you want to customize th view what you want, you can override the method *getView*
    - getView(int, View , ViewGroup) and inflate the view resoure in the function
  - Adapter behave as a middleman between the data source and the AdapterView
  - Android provides serveral subclasses of adpater that are useful for retrieving different kinds of data and building view for an AdapterView 
    1. ArrayAdapter
    2. SimpleCursor Adapter
   
### How to build a simple listview ?
  1. Create a listview
  2. Set up the arraylist Content
  3. Set up the arrayAdapter(Context,ListViewItem,ListViewItemData,arrayData)
  4. listView set adapter

### How t build a custom listView ?
  1. Create a listview
  2. Add a new view in new layout
  3. Set up the object which is going to put into arrayList
  4. Set up the list content in arrayList
  5. Create a custom adapter (you need to inflate the data when you call *getView* method and setup the content).
  6. If you want you also can add onItemClickListener
 ```Java
     @Override
    public View getView(int position, @Nullable View convertView, @NonNull ViewGroup parent) {


        if (convertView == null){
            convertView = LayoutInflater.from(getContext()).inflate(R.layout.place_layout,parent,false);
            //inflate the layout
        }
        ImageView imageView = (ImageView)convertView.findViewById(R.id.locationImage);
        TextView textView = (TextView)convertView.findViewById(R.id.location);
        Location location = getItem(position);
        textView.setText(location.getLocation());
        imageView.setImageResource(location.getImageID());
        return convertView;
    }
 ```
 
### Intent
 - It is an abstract description of an operation to be performed
 - You can use Intent for three things :
  1. Activity -> Start a new activity
  2. Broadcast -> Broadcast Receiver and give a notification
  3. Service -> StartService, BindService 
 - The primary pieces in an Intent are
   1. extras
   2. action
   3. data
   4. category
   5. type
   6. component
### How to create an Intent and build a new Activity ? 
 1. create a **new Intent(sourceContext,destinationContext)** (A -> B)
 2. (optional) **putExtra :** you can use it to pass parameter to another Intent,and also we have to set up tag to know what you pass
 3. (optional) If you pass the data from source Activity, you can create ```Bundle``` and implement  ```getData``` method
 4. (optional) ```getString(Tag,"defaultName")``` : use Tag to get data. If it doesn't have any value in the tag, the system is going to request the default Value which you set in getString method
